# Agenda of Meeting-4

Location: Drebbelweg, PC1, Cubicle 8

Date: February 29nd, Tuesday

Time: 14.45

## List of individuals

Chairperson: Monica Paun

Notetakers: Julius Gvozdiovas, Kaloyan Fachikov

Attendees: Alexandra Darie, Kayra Bahadir, Marijn Luime, Florena Buse

## Preface

- Improve the HCI report based on the feedback.
- Create the second sprint and assign the issues.
- Read about the BuddyCheck assignment on the Brightspace and write down any questions.

## Meeting Schedule

### [14:45 - 14:50] Check-in

- Is everyone present?

### [14:50 - 15:00] Summary of last week

- How are things going? What did everyone do in the previous week? Did they manage to complete their tasks?
- What is left in progress?
- How do you feel about the coding part now that you have started?

### [15:00 - 15:15] Feedback from the TA

- Coding feedback 
- Merge Request and Gitinspector feedback
- New version of the HCI report feedback

### [15:15 - 15:25] Action points for next week

- Finish the final version of the **HCI report**.
- Create **JavaDoc** for the code implemented last week.
- Resolve the issues assigned in the second sprint.
  - 'Multiplayer Gameplay' button
  - Add CSS stylesheet
  - Visualize question
  - Queue (Waiting Room) 
  - Power-up cards available 
  - Missing username error
- Start working on the individual **assignment 4B** - giving and receiving feedback. The deadline for this assignment is in week 3.5.

### [15:25 - 15:35] Questions to the TA

- Everyone has the opportunity to ask out supervisor (the TA) for suggestions about points we havenâ€™t mentioned during the meeting yet, or things that are still unclear.
- Ask for overall feedback. How we are doing? Any advice to improve?

### [15:35 - 15:45] Tip & Top

- Everyone has around 2 minutes to give personal **constructive** advice, or praise, as well as to give some general suggestions about the team workflow and comment on what they find great within the current environment.

### [15:45] Closing

- Choose the next chairperson and notetakers.
