# Agenda of Meeting-7
Location: Drebbelweg, PC1, Cubicle 8

Date: March 29th, Tuesday

Time: 15.45

## List of individuals
Chairperson: 
- Julius Gvozdiovas (@jgvozdiovas)

Notetakers: 
- Kaloyan Fachikov (@kfachikov)
- Kayra Bahadir (@kbahadr)

Attendees: 
- Florena Buşe (@fbuse)
- Monica Păun (@mpaun)
- Alexandra Darie (@aadarie)
- Kayra Bahadir (@kbahadr)
- Kaloyan Fachikov (@kfachikov)
- Marijn Luime (@mluime)
- Julius Gvozdiovas (@jgvozdiovas)

## Preface
Some preparation (preferably written personal notes) is expected for this meeting:
- Tips & Tops
  - Make sure you have tips and tops prepared to give out before the meeting.
    - Have at least 1 tip and at least 1 top.
  - Reflect on the tips and tops given during last week's meeting (see `/docs/agendas/meeting6.md` for that)
    - Did you keep up the tops you were given?
    - Did you improve on the tops you were given?
    - Did people you gave tops keep up their positive aspects?
    - Did people you have tips to follow your advice?
- Personal summary of work
  - What were the tasks assigned to you this week?
  - Did you accomplish everything you wanted to?
  - Did you do it in time?
  - Did you do anything extra or go beyond the average baseline of work quality?
- Read the **5B** assignment.
  - Prepare any questions you might have about it.

### Suggested template for tips and tops
#### Top template
 - Which person are you giving a top to?
   - Can also be multiple people, or the whole group.
 - What kind of positive observation or compliment do you have?
   - E.g. "You helped me solve the issue I was struggling with".
 - Why do you appreciate that?
   - E.g. "It allowed me to finish the issue I was assigned in time".

#### Tip template
- Which person are you giving a tip to?
  - Same as tops: can be multiple people, or everyone.
- What can be improved?
  - E.g. "Be more specific in your expectations of the task".
- Why would this help them and the group?
  - E.g. "It would allow everyone to communicate better and understand what needs to be done for the task".
- What kind of measurable improvement do you expect?
  - E.g. "Next time, include a couple of bullet points when describing the task".

## Meeting Schedule

### [13:45 - 13:50] Check-in
Short evaluation of the week.
- How was everyone's week?
- How are things going?

### [13:50 - 14:05] Summary of last week
Each person's summary of work (progress round):
- What did everyone do in the previous week? 
- Did they manage to complete their tasks?
- What is left in progress?

<!-- To note takers: -->
<!-- 
Include each person's summary of work here like this:
#### Julius
 - Create agenda for sixth meeting
   - Finished in time, by XX:YY
 - Basic foundation for multiplayer
   - Was delayed due to ...
 - Work item 3
 ...etc
-->

### [14:05 - 14:10] Demo of the game
The chairperson will have the demo of the game prepared and will show the latest changes to the TA.

### [14:05 - 14:20] Feedback from the TA about last week
If anyone has any specific questions to the TA, they ask them during this part of the meeting.

#### Coding feedback
#### Gitlab progress
 - Merge requests
 - ~~Gitinspector feedback~~
#### Code of Conduct discussion

### [14:20 - 14:30] Action points for next week
Review of the sixth sprint that is planned, the distribution of issues and tasks.
 - What is each person assigned to? (Who? What?)
 - What is their soft deadline? (When?)
 - What is their hard deadline?

### [14:30 - 14:40] Tips and Top
Each person is expected to have prepared at least 1 tip and at least 1 top.
 - Go in circle and give the tips and tops.
 - Go in circle again, this time reflecting on the previous weeks tips and tops.

### [14:40 - 14:45] Closing
Choose the next chairperson and notetakers.

# Notes Seventh Meeting

### Feedback from the TA
- Julius's contribution was a little too much—not a problem, just a noticable difference from others.
- Marijn is back on track!
- **For the next sprint:**
  - Julius should keep consistent work however should take fewer/smaller issues.
  - Testing issue should be assigned to Marijn.

#### Yellow flags:

- Going to green on issue distribution.
- Contribution — size of the issues assigned is not that equal.
- Testing — some classes in `commons` are not tested.
  - Logic in controllers can be tested once extracted.
- Code review is yellow — a lot of reviews are _“Done.”, “I will approve”_, which is vague.
  - There is always something that could be improved. Even if it is not a **must**.
- Building the server. Pipeline failing consecutive commits not fixing pipeline.

### Hints and suggestions for the video
- **Feedback round for the video.**
  - Deadline for submitting the final video is Friday.
  - Therefore, sending the video to Florena or planning a meeting has **Tuesday** as deadline. 
    - Either record video and send it to Florena **or**
    - have a Zoom meeting with Florena and do a live demo **or**
    - do a face-to-face meeting.
  - Consider the video for Tuesday as a draft (can be updated with additional features).
  - *Let Florena know how the team wants to proceed by the end of the day of meeting*.


- **The video:**
  - Record the screen and add a facecam to the corner. 
  - Play the game and explain the functionalities thoroughly as you experience them. 
  - Every team member will go over different parts of the game.
  - Aim to display as much functionality as possible.
  - Highlight stuff that are unique—that goes beyond the expectation.
  - An *improvements* section for hypothetical future updates can be a good addition.
  
- Final deadline (video, code, MR, deliverables, BuddyCheck, Assignment 5B) is next **FRIDAY, 8th OF APRIL**.

### Deadlines next week:

- Most likely our presentation is Wednesday morning (13th April).
  - Official schedule is not yet published.
  - Questions asked on particular methods, functionality, and logic. People who didn’t work on features, should have general idea of it.
- **Friday** — a video should be uploaded. Details are not yet listed.
  - We receive a feedback from the TA over the video submitted by next **Tuesday**. 
- **Friday** (8th April) — The final deadline for everything.
- **Friday** — deadline for Buddycheck and 5B assignment.

### Tips & Tops Round

**Kaloyan:**

`TIP` **to Marijn** -  I would appreciate if you have told us in advance about your absence.

`TIP` **to everyone except Julius** - Be a bit more active in code reviewing. I personally felt like the only one reviewing Sunday night, even though I had planned to take a rest evening...

`TIP` **to everyone** - Try to stick to deadlines more strictly. Hope this will be achieved by the decision we have taken about soft and hard deadlines.

`TOP` **to Monica** - Thanks for asking for help. I believe that’s how a member should approach situations where they found themselves struggling.

`TOP` **to Kayra** - Really enjoyed how honest you have been in the problem that arose Saturday. I remember it was once a “drawback” of you to not speak for yourself. I see you are working on it.

`TOP` **to everyone** - Thanks for the understanding of the situation, when I was about to pass my deadline.

**Kayra:**

`TIP` **to Monica** - it is important to be self-aware and take accountability. In the main merge issue, we have made a mistake, and independent from any other conflict that went on in regards to language/communcation, taking accountability was something I expected from you.

`TIP` **to Julius** - it's a good idea to be extra cautious or go over the message one more time before sending when the emotions are high. In tense times, emotions and tense energy often reflects to communication—we don't want that.

`TOP` **to Julius** - although it sometimes gets frusturating to not be able to directly solve and get over it, your help on my issues were really helpful and balanced, they helped me understand the implementation fully.

`TOP` **to Alexandra** - you always kept a super-understanding approach to the situation with Marijn—not that others didn't—but I believe you always provided a point-of-view our team needed in the discussions.

`TOP` **to Kaloyan** - you held a very strong balance in the same situation, finding area in both points-of-view, and had strong communication/language all throughout.

`TOP` **to Kaloyan** - your eagerness to help those that are in need is really impressive and I appreciate it as a team member

`TOP` **to Team** - we successfully used **time spending** functionality in every MR.

**Alexandra:**

`TIP` **to everybody** - Let's be more active in the approving part of the MRs. I don't mean to approve MRs that you don't think have a place in the main branch, but if the threads you opened are resolved, maybe it's time you approve it. I would really like if the "approving part" would stop taking place minutes before we merge development to main and I think it would help us steer clear of problems like the one we encountered this week.

`TOP` **Julius** - You helped me see how my issue could be implemented using the admin panel and also by telling me it is indeed allowed to add another repository, which altough my MR was functional, I think made it truly complete and, by doing that, you also helped the person who will take the other admin related issues.

`TOP` **Kayra** - You also looked over my code to search with me what could be wrong and helped me realise that I did not save the activity_bank in the required place. Although that is not part of the issue anymore, I appreciate the time you took to try and help me out.

**Marijn:**

`TOP` **to Kaloyan, Kayra and Julius** - Thanks for the help you have provided.

`TOP` **to Team** - We had a strong code review activity all throughout the week. 

**Julius:**

`TIP` **to Monica** - Your merge request only had commits on Sunday.
  - Try to contribute code regularly (and work more incrementally) throughout the week
  - This would allow others to review your code
  - For the next week, try pushing code every 2 days

`TIP` **to Monica, Kayra and Alexandra** - My MR (which was blocking everyone) stayed open for quite a while
  - Try to review "ready" Merge Requests more.
  - This would allow code to be merged sooner and quicker into development, and would allow others to integrate their changes with the new additions without waiting for too long.
  - When you see a merge request which is marked as "ready", try to review it and/or leave an approval 

`TIP` **to Marijn** - you just copy-pasted the informal notes
- In general, having tidy notes would be better
  - This would incentivise others to read through them, and to follow through with anything that was discussed
      - For now, you can simply go back to the notes you pasted before and try to clean them up.

`TIP` **to Kayra and Alexandra** - Alexandra, Kayra: the issues you created have an empty description and empty tasks. You also created them during the meeting, instead of before.
- Make sure you put in some effort into completing such tasks 
  - Next time an action point/todo task is given, set a timer/reminder at least 1 hour before that.
      - This would allow meetings where such preparation is needed to go smoother
      - Finish creating the issues (create description, user story, tasks, labels)
      - Do not be late with doing these things next time

`TIP` **to Kayra and Alexandra** - you were late to multiple meetings
- Try to come early next time (e.g. 5 minutes late)
    - This would prevent others from waiting for you, and allow meetings to be a lot more punctual.
    - Do not be late to any meetings this week.
  
`TOP` **to Kaloyan** - worked all night to complete his issue
  - It allowed me to start working on Thursday right after waking up

`TOP` **to Alexandra** - stepped up to make weekly merge to main
  - Took some of the constant emotional load off my shoulders

`TOP` **to Alexandra** - worked really hard on the images issue, and actively sought out help
  - In general, I appreciate such behaviour

`TOP` **to Kaloyan** - wrote good issues
  - Makes it clear what is expected from an issue, rough steps to implement it, and in general keeps communication clearer

`TOP` **to Kaloyan** - stepped up to write the messages that we wanted to send to Florena
  - I appreciate the initiative and the effort

**Monica:**

`TIP` **to Julius** - try to treat people nicer and to focus more on the team part.

`TOP` **to Team** - I liked the fact that in the review made by Kaloyan for my merge request, he also mentioned that I can call him if what he wrote is unclear.
- I did this and he tried to explain to me again his idea in another way which in the end made sense for me.
