# Agenda of Meeting-3

Location: Drebbelweg, PC1, Cubicle 8

Date: February 22nd, Tuesday

Time: 13.45

## List of individuals

Chairperson: Kaloyan Fachikov

Notetakers: Alexandra Darie, Marijn Luime

Attendees: Julius Gvozdiovas, Monica Paun, Kayra Bahadir, Florena Buse

## Preface

- Watch the [lectures](htgittps://cse1105.pages.ewi.tudelft.nl/2021-2022/course-website/lectures/#lectures) on the course website and write down any questions. Is everything clear? Did you manage to understand the use of all different applications?
- Watch the [tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSIvTYdWouk) about *how to set up your working environment properly* on YouTube, re-watch the lecture from Wednesday,16th, and try to do the exercises. Make sure **NOT** to experiment in the group project, but somewhere else!

## Agenda Items

### [13:45 - 13:50] Check-in

- Is everyone present?

### [13:50 - 14:00] Summary of last week

- How are things going? What did everyone do in the previous week? Did they manage to complete their tasks (in time)?
- What is left in progress?
- Has everyone done the Information Literacy Module? — hard deadline is the upcoming Friday, so make sure you do it in time.

### [14:00 - 14:15] Action points for next week

- Set up a common auto-formatting setting in IntelliJ. **Should be done before we start coding!**
- Fix the issues — remove the ones that do not fit the official ones and add the ones that we are missing.
- Split the workload of the first milestone among the team members.
- Prepare **at least one** question related to teamwork. It could be related to teamwork skills, teamwork “theory” (e.g. Belbin roles, Code of Conduct, etc.), or team experience.
- Information Literacy Module for the ones who haven’t done it yet.

### [14:15 - 14:35] Questions to the TA

-Feedback from the TA
    - Code of Conduct
    - Backlog
    - API endpoints -- advice on how to study them
    - Any good GitLab practices
- Everyone has the opportunity to ask out supervisor (the TA) for suggestions about points we haven’t mentioned during the meeting yet, or things that are still unclear.
    - How should we proceed with the project from now on? What to with the issues? Should we create new ones according to the “official” backlog? Should we restructure the management accomplished within our project — issues, milestones, etc...
    Or rather, we should simply begin working?
- Ask for overall feedback. How we are doing? Any advice to improve?

### [14:35 - 14:45] Tip & Top

- Everyone has around 2 minutes to give personal **constructive** advice, or praise, as well as to give some general suggestions about the team workflow and comment on what he finds great within the current environment.

### [14:45] Closing

- Choose the next chairperson and notetakers.