# Agenda of Meeting-6

Location: Drebbelweg, PC1, Cubicle 8

Date: March 22nd, Tuesday

Time: 13.45

## List of individuals

Chairperson: Marijn Luime

Notetakers: Alexandra Darie, Kayra Bahadir

Attendees: Florena Buse, Julius Gvozdiovas, Kaloyan Fachikov, Monica Păun

## Preface

- Does anyone have any suggestions regarding the current sprint?

## Meeting Schedule

### [13:45 - 13:50] Check-in

- Is everyone present?

### [13:50 - 14:00] Summary of last week

- How are things going? What did everyone do in the previous week? Did they manage to complete their tasks?
- What is left in progress?

### [14:00 - 14:15] Feedback from the TA

- Coding feedback
- Merge Request and Gitinspector feedback

### [14:15 - 14:25] Action points for next week

- Decide upon new deadlines.
- Finish the unresolved threads and empty merge requests from the previous sprint.
- Resolve the issues assigned in the third sprint.
  - Keep the leaderboard up to date
  - Leaderboard of the top players
- Resolve the issues assigned in the fourth sprint.
  - Integrate the Solo Game
  - "Congratulations" screen
  - Send .json file to server-side
  - Missing Javadoc
  - Visualize score counter
- Resolve the issues assigned in the fifth sprint.
  - Create the question scenes for the multiplayer game
  - Score tracking in a multiplayer game
  - Basic foundation for multiplayer
  - Convenient server-side structure
  - Show images in questions
  - Intermediate MultiPlayer Leaderboard
  - Final MultiPlayer Leaderboard

### [14:25 - 14:35] Questions to the TA

- Everyone has the opportunity to ask out supervisor (the TA) for suggestions about points we haven’t mentioned during the meeting yet, or things that are still unclear.
- Ask for overall feedback. How we are doing? Any advice to improve?

### [14:35 - 14:45] Tip & Top

- Everyone has around 2 minutes to give personal **constructive** advice, or praise, as well as to give some general suggestions about the team workflow and comment on what they find great within the current environment.

### [14:45] Closing

- Choose the next chairperson and notetakers.

# Notes Sixth Meeting
# Agenda items
## Check-in
Approx. 


## Summary of last week
Approx. 13:55
- How are things going? What did everyone do in the previous week? Did they manage to complete their tasks?
    - Notes and agenda of the last week
        - Monica and Marijn merged the notes into the agenda meeting5
- Kaloyan: 
- Julius: 
- Marijn:
- Monica: 
- Alexandra: 
- Kayra: 

- What is left in progress?
    - 

## Feedback from the TA
Approx. 
- Coding feedback:
    - 
- Merge Request and Gitinspector feedback:
    - 

## Questions to and from the TA



## Action points for next week
Approx. 
- 

###THE FIFTH SPRINT

####Alexandra
- Show images in questions

####Julius
- Basic foundation for multiplayer

####Kaloyan
- Convenient server-side structure

####Kayra
- Intermediate MultiPlayer Leaderboard

####Marijn
- Create the question scenes for the multiplayer game

####Monica
- Score tracking in a multiplayer game

## Tip & Top

Kaloyan
- top: 

Kayra

- tip: 

Alexandra

- top: 

Monica

- top: 

Julius

- tip: 

Marijn

- top: 

## Closing
- Choose the next chairperson and notetakers.
    - Chairperson — 
    - Notetakers — 




