# Agenda of Meeting-5

Location: Drebbelweg, PC1, Cubicle 8

Date: March 15th, Tuesday

Time: 13.45

## List of individuals

Chairperson: Alexandra Darie

Notetakers: Kaloyan Fachikov, Monica Păun

Attendees: Marijn Luime, Florena Buse, Julius Gvozdiovas, Kayra Bahadir

## Preface

- Does anyone have any suggestions regarding the current sprint?

## Meeting Schedule

### [13:45 - 13:50] Check-in

- Is everyone present?

### [13:50 - 14:00] Summary of last week

- How are things going? What did everyone do in the previous week? Did they manage to complete their tasks?
- What is left in progress?

### [14:00 - 14:15] Feedback from the TA

- Coding feedback
- Merge Request and Gitinspector feedback

### [14:15 - 14:25] Action points for next week

- Decide upon answers for the following questions: How server and client communicate? How the question instances are sent and what do they actually consist of?
- Update the code of conduct with the new rules.
- Decide upon new deadlines.
- Finish the unresolved threads and empty merge requests from the previous sprint.
- Resolve the issues assigned in the fourth sprint.
    - Intermediate "Answer-revealing" screen
    - Visualize score counter
    - "Congratulations" screen

### [14:25 - 14:35] Questions to the TA

- Everyone has the opportunity to ask out supervisor (the TA) for suggestions about points we haven’t mentioned during the meeting yet, or things that are still unclear.
- Ask for overall feedback. How we are doing? Any advice to improve?

### [14:35 - 14:45] Tip & Top

- Everyone has around 2 minutes to give personal **constructive** advice, or praise, as well as to give some general suggestions about the team workflow and comment on what they find great within the current environment.

### [15:45] Closing

- Choose the next chairperson and notetakers.
