# Agenda of Meeting-2

Location: Drebbelweg, PC1, Cubicle 8

Date: February 15th, Tuesday

Time: 13.45 pm

---

## List of individuals

Chairperson: Kayra Bahadir

Notetakers: Kaloyan Fachikov, Monica Paun

Attendees: Julius Gvozdiovas, Alexandra Darie, Marijn Luime, Florena Buse

---

## Preface

Every individual is expected to read and understand the Assignment 2B: Teamwork CodeOfConduct. 

In addition, notetakers are expected to come to the meeting with the aim to take notes specifically useful for answering Assignment 2B.

Everyone is also advised to come with a prepared set of questions.

---

## Meeting Schedule

13.45 Opening & Check-in

    - As decided in last week's meeting, each team member will be allocated approx. 2 minutes to share anything within their allocated time for others to listen. 
    - Though interruptions are not reccomended, team-members can use their time towards having a check-in of others if they wish. 
    - Sharing any notes from the Client Q&A held on 14th of February is advised. 

14.05 Feedback on due assignments (Git, 1A/B, Backlog)

    - Florena will be presenting any feedback or point she wishes to share.
    - We have not done much up until this point therefore following topics can be integrated into this timezone:
        - Deadlines of this week
        - Group and project overview  
    - There won't be any questions from the team to the TA in this time interval. Instead, the team is expected to note down their questions to ask after TA's points. 


14.20 Questions from the team to the TA

    - This is the time allocated for the team to ask questions to the TA regarding the assignments, deadlines, or anything else. 
    - Any questions on the Code of Conduct (which will be created at a latter meeting this week) should also be asked here. 
    - There were several requirements in last week's meeting that can be asked here to the TA to receive their input as well. 

14.40 Final remarks & Closing

    - Tip & Top
    - Chairperson and Notetakers of the next meeting will be chosen. 
    - Final round of Q&A.

---

# Agenda Items

## Opening & Check-In

approx. 13:50

Don’t post these long messages in the general discord chat, easy but not efficient as later the chat becomes a real mess.
Set some other standards and try to be consistent in our work! — when it comes to committing messages, branch names, issue types, and so on...
Issues — front end and back end are separated channels in Discord
The development branch is a **MUST** and we merge it only on Sundays with the TA. As only “Main” is checked, we should keep it working.
Notes from Q&A — How does stacking wild-cards “remove time” works?
Do not improve another’s “problems”, but rather suggest a way for them to improve it personally.
Create another channel with updates about assignments

## Feedback on Due Assignments

### Backlog

- Sentences under “MUST” should have the word “must” explicitly.
- Functional and non-functional requirements - split them!
  Descriptions of the system, the structure of the project go under “non-functional” requirements.
  Have another category — include “Won’t”-s in there as well
  Won’t make them issues but rather have it in mind during working on the project. For that purpose, keep them in a *md* file in GitLab.
  Too abstract issues should be split into smaller tasks.
- A full user story should be included in the description of the issue.
- Not “user” but more specifically — solo player and multiplayer.

Question — we should create issues before **Friday**!

Not all user stories are supposed to have a reason!

- Be careful with the vague user stories... **Be more specific!**
    - Leaderboard stories.
    - Emoji “description” is missing. Where would they appear?
    - Explain what are the wild-cards doing.
- What does the leaderboard contain?
- Logical order established among the requirements.

TA only looks at the “Main”. What’s not there is considered “not-merged”/undone.

Would be great to have labels and priority among them (according to the MoSCoW principle). Blocking issues and then “unlock” them once something else (required) is done. Time estimating feature! After it is resolved, update the time you spent on it.

Issues will be altered on the go! — according to the official backlog. Wrongly started issues will be closed and some new ones will be initiated.

### Assignment 1A

Learning goals to be more specific — How I would achieve that? Should be “measurable”.

### Assignment 1B

Dealing with 3 shapers in one team? — Make use of the short talks at the beginning where everyone can share their thoughts and ideas.

In general, the assignments are done very well!

### Questions to TA

approx. 14:35

Deadlines for next week!

- **Thursday evening** — backlog issues in GitLab! **Wednesday** for the *md* file.
- Code of Conduct

Advice -- different categories for the rules. Agenda uploaded one day before the deadline. Some rules on deadlines. Inner-group as we depend on each other. Clear deadlines. Try not to miss a deadline, but yet, what happens if one is missed?

How would you “rate” the template we have used for the agenda we have used for today? Any tips? Should we stick more to the ones presented in BS and Git?
**Answer:** Agenda stuff — “timed” points on how the meeting goes, some brief description about more specific topics and questions. Include the expected points given from the TA.

**MUST** have a code of conduct regarding the coding style — variables, functions, names...

## Final Remarks and Closing

### Summary + Action Points For Next Week

approx. 14:40

Updates are uploaded on Mattermost so check what’s going on there!
Begin working on the project around Week 3.

Confirmation — This week's deadlines — backlog into issues, assignment 2B — Code of Conduct. Only one submit the latest, right?

Start coding in week 3 — a recommendation from TA.

**Action Points**

- Notetakers upload and merge notes in agenda *md* file — **Tuesday 6:30 PM**.
- Julius — update the backlog using the current issues mentioned until **Wednesday evening — 6 PM**.
- All look through what he had done and see whether something is missing — **Wednesday 7 PM**.
- Everyone contributes to the “notes” in the Code of Conduct — **before Thursday 11 AM**.
- Code of Conduct — finished by the end of Thursday’s meeting.
- Backlog Issues created until **Thursday 5 PM**.

### Tip & Top

Julius

- tip to next chairperson — use the TA suggestions for main points in the agenda. Stick to their suggestions.
- top — to Kaloyan for working over the backlog, to Kayra about doing the agenda.

Kayra

- tip to chairperson - feel free to interrupt the TA so that the meeting sticks to the schedule and there is time for the preparation activities.

Alexandra

- tip toward herself — manage to feel as she commits to the group, now struggles and feels like just a member. Assign tasks for each singleUser to make them feel important.

Marijn

- tip to everyone - conduct meetings faster, sometimes gets too prolonged...

Kaloyan

- tip to everyone - copy and send the messages to the *ta-visible* discord channel as it is more convenient than Mattermost (for most of us).

### Final Questions

### Closing

Next meeting.

- chairperson - Kaloyan
- notetakers - Alexandra, Marijn