**Location:** PULSE building\
**Date:** 09-02-2022\
**Time:** 15:30 – 17:10\
**Attendees:** Alexandra, Julius, Kaloyan, Kayra, Marjin, Monica

**Chairperson:** Monica\
**Secretary:** Julius

**Agenda-items**\
15:30 Opening by chair\
15:30 – 15:35 Check-in\
15:35 – 15:40 Presenting the results of Belbin questionnaire – Inform\
15:40 – 15:45 Answering the first exercise from assignment 1B – Decision making\
15:45 – 16:00 Discussing the answer of exercise 2 from assignment 1A – Discuss\
16:00 – 16:15 Answering exercise 2 from assignment 1B – Decision making\
16:15 – 16:25 Answering the third exercise from assignment 1B – Discuss and Decision making\
16:25 – 16:40 Answering exercise 4 from assignment 1B – Discuss and Decision making\
16:40 – 16:50 Discussing Backlog assignment - Discuss\
16:50 – 16:55 Summary action points – Who, what, when?\
16:55 – 17:05 Feedback Round\
17:05 – 17:10 Question Round\
17:10 Closure (choosing the next chairperson and secretaries for the next week)

# Agenda items
## Opening by the chairperson
Started at 15:50
## Presenting the result of the Belbin questionnaire
Monica - Implementer, Team Worker, Specialist\
Kaloyan - Plant, Specialist, Complete Finisher\
Alexandra - Co-ordinator, Shaper, Spacialist\
Marijn - Monitor, Implementor, Co-ordinator\
Julius - Shaper, Implementor, Complete Finisher\
Kayra - Implementor, Resource Investigator, Co-ordinator/Shaper

## Answer exercise 2 from 1B

Each person describes their personal weaknesses/strengths.

Kayra:
- pros - communicative, enjoys researching stuff
- cons - talks too much, over-optimistic

Monica
- pros - team atmosphere, supportive, keep the team united
- cons - avoid confrontation, "shy" - not speaking of herself

Alexandra
- pros - confident in herself, teamwork person
- cons - honest, still avoid confrontation, clumsy, stressing over deadlines

Julius
- pros - practical (could be a drawback in some situations), highly productive, flexible
- cons - tend to put work whenever possible, "oppressive"

Marijn
- pros - observer, ready to encounter hardships - motivated
- cons - ...

Kaloyan
- pros - different approaches, maximalist (not good as well)
- cons - talks too much, over-excites, goes for meaningful conversations

Our distribution of roles covers everyone but is skewed.

There are people who talk more and talk less.

## Answer the exercise 3 from 1B
Kaloyan: try to be more of a listener\
Monica: in the meetings, everyone should come up with their ideas and present them\
Kayra: gives a condensed version\
Alexandra: nobody, except Monica, has Team Worker

Current weaknesses:
- Too many implementers/co-ordinators/shapers
- Imbalance between people who talk much, and people who listen.

Compensation consensus: everyone can have content to share prepared. People who take a lot of air time will take a break.

## Answer the exercise 4 from 1B

Kayra: every single person says something about a single topic at least once (but this feels like pushing, especially if they don't want to talk)\
Alexandra: decisions are not necessarily divided, but the final project is equally divided\
Julius: something more like what Kayra suggested \
Marijn: more generic learning goals, like learn to work together with academic level\
Monica: in this course, we want to develop our teamwork skills by being ~~ open-minded ~~\
Marijn: deliver everything on time\
Kayra: have a system where we check each other timings, connect our informal deadlines with our TA\
Kaloyan: agree\
Julius: each person in clockwise order makes sure that the next person is working well\
Kayra: check-in could be the time where we could do that\
Kaloyan: ensure a safe environment, each one can be designated 3 minutes each time\
Kayra: in order to establish a safe environment, we will give 3 minutes to each person to share their opinions about work, people.\
Kaloyan: during these 3 minutes, you talk without interruptions. Other people just listen and try to gather what you say

Everyone must upload the same document for 1B.\
Also, upload the questionnaire for 1A to BrightSpace.

Also, the Agenda and the notes:\
Monica: Only 1 person has to upload the teamwork\
Kaloyan & Kayra: TA said that everyone has to upload\
Monica: only 1 person has to upload it, just like WDT. If it is not visible after one of us uploads it, that means everyone has to upload it

## Backlog assignment
Kayra: should we split it into MoSCoW?\
Kaloyan: we were supposed to write it in user stories. "As a user, I want  *feature* so that *reason*"\


Monica: Florena said that we can send her assignment 1B\
Kayra: can we do assignment 1B until 21:00 tonight? (Feb 10)\
Kaloyan: back to the backlog. What are our MUSTs?\
Kayra: they must be able to play a solo game, some kind of client/server communication, there must be a leaderboard of past games\
Kaloyan: should it be a top leaderboard\
Kayra: multiplayer is also a must\
Julius: we focus on clients\
Alexandra: is the backlog assignment published somewhere?

It is for the next week.

Kaloyan: we won't know the requirements before we post the backlog\
Kayra: she wants it to have it for Tuesday\

Also, jokers for should.

Kayra: for must, it is also database? is there a technical thing that we have to mention\
Julius: functional vs non-functional requirements, we are more focused on functional ones?\
Kayra: there must be an infinite number of players\
Alexandra: it is a must\
Monica: we must ask for the name at the beginning of the game\
Kaloyan: two players cannot share a username\
Kaloyan: the thing with the picture, is it a must or a should?\
Alexandra: didn't he say that we need to have pictures? pictures are\
Kayra: there should be emoji reactions\
Monica: it should be a "could"\
Alexandra: doesn't matter 1, 3, or 9, but have reactions\
Kaloyan: dividing the workload, 60% for must, 20% for could, we shouldn't put everything that we want to have into must\
Kayra: we should put emoji in could\
Kayra: where should time-based points go?\
Monica: I put it as must\
Kaloyan: I put it as a must, but it's probably a should/
Kayra: I also think it's a should/
Alexandra: I think it's a should. It should be that each question has a timer/
Monica: for should, also select one of the power-ups after you answer the question, while you still have time - you should be able to select a joker\
Alexandra: I think that's a could. Do you have MoSCoW/
Kaloyan: I have MOSCOW/
Kayra: private rooms, kicking is won't/
Alexandra: the entire queue is a must/
Kayra: we should have an intermediate leaderboard/
Monica, for could, more than 1 joker/question/
Kayra: display position of the player among others, could/
Kaloyan: changing your answer, it's a could/
Kayra: I think it's a won't/
Alexandra: will we have a submit button?/
Kaloyan: just clicking the button/
Alexandra: if you have a submit button, you needn't worry/
Kaloyan: so submit in could/
Kayra: but it's fast-paced\
Kayra: so it's a won't \
Julius: changing answer won't or could\
Kaloyan: putting it in could is fine\
Julius: sound, game elements\
Kayra: MUST\
Alexandra: must\
Kayra: must have remarkable\
Marijn: original\
Marijn: maybe tu delft design?\
Alexandra: maybe a should for the game elements?\
Julius: do clients REQUIRE?\
Kayra: I think personally must, but client probably should/could\
Alexandra: I think we should first focus on technical stuff. We don't know how much do we want\\
Kayra: then it's a could\
Alexandra: it's a should or a could\

Kaloyan: approximation?\
Monica: they're a should, also points, with how close: also a should\
Kaloyan: agree with the question themselves being should\
Kayra: giving points on speed is a must\
Monica: yeah\
Kayra: at the minimum, give points based on the rank of time, a better system is a should\
Monica: for an estimate, don't know if it's a should of a could\
Marijn: it's 60%, let's do must to do a quota\
Kayra: could - transform joker the one which eliminates the option into range reduction\
Kaloyan: estimation - where?\
Kayra: I think it's a must\
Julius too many things in must\
Monica: I think it's a should\
Kayra: is it's a must that there are 4 question types, we can have it in should\
Julius: chat won't\
Kaloyan: auth won't\


Julius: post each user story on discord\
Kaloyan: create a google doc?\
Julius: sure

Kayra: I think we can copy the thing into the docs\
Julius: the user story should follow the natural flow\
Alexandra: is there any template\
Julius: Florena described the template, but there is no file for it

Kaloyan: next point?

## Summary
What are our next tasks? Next chairperson; secretary; meeting

Julius gives a summary\
Monica: I am unclear about the backlog: we split that into 6 parts, and everyone in the document works\
Alexandra: how do we split 4 parts into 6 parts?\
Kayra: we split it into 23/6 = ~4\
Kayra: so Kaloyan could ...

Kaloyan: upload assignment 1B\
Kayra: I will do that\
Kaloyan: so we can finish 1B\
Julius: who is doing the 23/6 split?\
Kayra: you just do it intuitively, you just have something in your mind of 3~4 of them\
Kayra: you can also send the notes:\

Kayra: Monica chooses chairperson, Julius notetaker\
Monica: Kayra is the next chairperson\
Julius: Monica and Kaloyan next note-takers

## Action points for next week
Everyone: backlog\
~~Kaloyan: uploads MoSCoW to google docs~~ [MoSCoW](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M-iz9M6ZTeSr53Ml-QRcPZ1IHISnf9A9Mpd54wonVq0/edit?usp=sharing  "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M-iz9M6ZTeSr53Ml-QRcPZ1IHISnf9A9Mpd54wonVq0/edit?usp=sharing") \
Everyone: contribute to assignment 1B\
~~Kayra: will be uploading the document 1B to google docs~~
[Assignment 1B](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ack5vG6edunWT8qut-PNgFHGQfgj7ihLwKcNNQL0uek/edit?usp=sharing "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ack5vG6edunWT8qut-PNgFHGQfgj7ihLwKcNNQL0uek/edit?usp=sharing") \
Julius: uploading the notes\
Kayra: uploading to brightspace\
Julius: upload the backlog to gitlab

ALL DEADLINES 22:00 FEB 10

Next meeting: Tuesday with TA 13:45 Feb 15

## Questions

-- Julius interrupted this >:(

## Feedback (tips and tops)

Monica:\
Top: I like that everyone is involved. Everyone came up with ideas. For the moment, we are very organized.\
Tip: no tips\
Julius:\
Tip: "please contribute" to Marijn\
Top: Monica gave nice suggestions, thanks to Kayra and Kaloyan for contributing to Assignment 1B + backlog\
Marijn:\
"Maybe I should be a little bit earlier"\
Tip: say earlier where exactly do we want to sit\
Kaloyan:\
Tip: Marijn, feel free to say things, nobody will hurt you\
Alexandra:\
I feel like it's a nice environment\
Top: Kayra's idea of giving input for 3 minutes is good\
Kayra:\
I like to have a friendly relationship, I think it's going really good with communication so far

## Questions

Nothing

## Closure
Meeting close: 17:40